hey guys hey B Superman here with none
other than James Yeager from Tactical
Response James you can see right so I've
been training for the last two days how
did I do
James didn't come with us to any of the
training so James tell us about a
technical response and what what it is
what it does what you got there we I
couldn't said it better myself
now when you say what you just said when
you guys heard it from no what do you
think the most important aspect of your
training entails if you had to if there
was one single thing that you could
teach the general public what would be
the most important thing they would need
deterring attacks
trying to those are the those are the
things that I want people to be good at
now what we did today we had three
trainers out there with us today and
yesterday what do you look for when
you've hired these guys I know a couple
of guys you were with overseas or at
least one Jack why don't you with junior
what do you look for when you hire your
trainer so that you know you're getting
the best quality trainer - yeah it's
easy you know best about the best that's
gonna buy every list and they give every
class they teach and if you're people
tend to listen to you know if they're
not just like the lion something that
they say and so basically I find guys
that are about what we do and
if I had that who's gonna go kind of
little bit different duration here and I
want you to say the first thing that
comes
they were pistol fought World War 2 era
weapons favourite magazine Philip
favorite handheld non firearms with if
you could meet one person that you've
not met yet who would be Jesus if you
could go one place you haven't gone yet
where would be if you could eat one
thing you have an ATM over to be the
last question do I have your permission
to use this video in any way that I see
James pleasure
you